Print a warning about function parameter names being used instead of values in SMTChecker (#14832)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Compiler Features:
 * EVM: Support for the EVM Version "Cancun".
 * SMTChecker: Support `bytes.concat` except when string literals are passed as arguments.

>  * SMTChecker: Print a message that function parameter name was used instead of a concrete value when counterexample generated by a solver is too long.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * SMTChecker: Print a message that function parameter name was used instead of a concrete value in a counterexample when the concrete value found by the solver is too long to print.
```
